Zeal IO Ltd. Privacy Policy
Consent
By using this website and/or mobile application or by providing personally identifiable information to Zeal IO Ltd., you consent to the collection and use of the information as described in this privacy policy. The purpose of this privacy policy is to provide you with clear and understandable information about Zeal Rewards' privacy practices.

We treat your information very carefully and we have written this document to help you understand what information we collect, who has access to it and for what purposes.

Information we collect
Zeal Rewards gathers information from you to help us manage our relationship with you. The information we gather may include:

contact details, such as your user name, email address, telephone number, your company, and your title,

if you contact us by email we may keep a record of your contact information and correspondence, including any information that you provide to us in your message,

information you provide to us to receive technical assistance or during customer service interactions,

shipping, billing, and payment information,

your transaction history,

information about other people that you may provide to us with any program or services,

information about your computer or device, including browser type and settings, IP address, and traffic data relating to your Internet connection,

product performance data and information about how you use our products and services, and

aggregated data or other information that does not specifically identify you, such as actions taken on our websites.

Information from third parties
We may combine information about you that we receive from third parties with the information we have gathered to improve the quality of our product and service offerings and to tailor our communications with you. If, at any time, you do not want to be contacted in this manner you may unsubscribe as indicated in this privacy policy or in the communications themselves.

Browser Information
Our servers automatically record log data that your browser sends when you visit our website. Log data may include information such as your IP address, browser type or the domain from which you are visiting, the web pages you visit, and the search terms you use. For most users accessing the Internet from an Internet service provider, the IP address will be different every time you log on. Except as described in this privacy policy, we do not use this information to identify you personally. We use it to monitor use of our websites and of our service, and for the technical administration of the websites.

How we share your information


General
Zeal IO Ltd. will not share your personally identifiable information with third parties, except as provided in this privacy policy.

Zeal IO Ltd. Servers
Zeal IO Ltd. maintains a number of websites globally. Information volunteered or collected on Zeal IO Ltd. websites may be delivered or transferred electronically to our servers in another country. We protect your personally identifiable information by following the procedures outlined in the "How we protect your information — Security" section of this privacy policy.

Partners
We may also share personally identifiable information with business partners, authorized third-party agents, contractors, distributors and resellers for the purposes described in this privacy policy. Additionally, if you purchase a product through a partner, distributor, or reseller, that party may provide you with information about related products and services that may be of interest to you, in accordance with that partner, distributor, or reseller's privacy notice.

Service Providers
We may engage business partners, service vendors, authorized third-party agents, or contractors who may utilize your personally identifiable information on our behalf for the purposes described in this privacy policy. We will share your personally identifiable information with these third parties, but only pursuant to binding contractual obligations requiring such third parties to maintain the confidentiality of your data. We maintain a Subprocessor List of the third party service providers whose infrastructure we use to deliver portions of the Zeal IO Ltd. Incapsula services.

Interest-based advertising
The information you provide to us about your interest in our products may be pseudonymized and shared with third parties, where allowable, to provide more relevant advertising of Zeal IO Ltd. products and services. If you receive Zeal IO Ltd. advertising on a third party website and you click on our product or service advertising, we will know the domain you come from. We do not track your other activities on that website.

Compliance with Laws and Law Enforcement
Zeal IO Ltd. cooperates with governments, regulators, and law enforcement officials to enforce and comply with the law. We may disclose any information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate to respond to claims and legal process (including subpoenas and court orders); to protect the property and rights of Zeal IO Ltd. or a third party; the safety of the public or any person; to prevent or stop any illegal, unethical or legally actionable activity; or to comply with the law.

Business Transfers
Zeal IO Ltd. may decide to sell, merge or otherwise reorganize its businesses. Such transactions may involve, in accordance with applicable law, the disclosure of personal information to prospective or actual purchasers. In those case, Zeal IO Ltd. seeks and obtains appropriate protection for personal information.

How we share your information
Security
Zeal IO Ltd. works hard to safeguard the confidentiality of your personally identifiable information. We employ security measures to protect your information from unauthorized access. Those measures include: • the use of endpoint protection software, encryption, and monitoring of our systems and data centers to ensure that they comply with our security policies, • controlled access to our facilities and secure destruction of media containing your information, and • training and awareness programs on security and privacy to ensure employees understand the importance of and how to protect your information. Additionally, all our employees have agreed to observe your privacy and confidentiality rights.

Data Retention
Personal data will be maintained only as necessary to satisfy the reasons for which it was collected. We also retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements.

Cookies
Like many websites, we also use "cookies" and similar technology to, for example, collect additional website usage data and to improve our websites and service. A cookie is a small data file that we transfer to your computer's hard disk. Some cookies may collect personal data in order to perform their intended functions. For example, in order to enable live chat assistance across multiple Zeal IO Ltd. pages, a cookie may collect and store your name and chat history for the session. Zeal IO Ltd. may use both session cookies and persistent cookies to better understand how you interact with our websites and our service, to monitor aggregate usage by our users and web traffic routing on our websites, and to improve our websites and services. Authorized third parties may also place their own cookies on our websites, and may collect personal information. For more information about how we use cookies and the cookies you are consenting to use by visiting our website, review our Cookie Policy .

Our Policy Towards Children
Zeal IO Ltd.'s business is not focused on, nor do we knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child under 13 has provided us with personally identifiable information, he or she should contact us at hello@zeal-app.com . If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with personally identifiable information, we will remove that information.

Links to other websites
Our websites contain links to third party websites. The fact that we link to a third party website is not an endorsement, authorization, or representation of our affiliation with that third party. We do not exercise control over third party websites. When you leave Zeal IO Ltd. web properties, these other websites may place their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data, or solicit personal information from you. This privacy policy addresses the use and disclosure of personal information that we collect from you through Zeal IO Ltd. web properties or that you otherwise provide to Zeal IO Ltd.. Other websites follow different rules regarding the use or disclosure of the personal information you submit to them. We encourage you to read the privacy policies or statements of the third party websites you visit.

Managing your information
Choice to opt-out
We provide an opt-out choice for most types of communication, such as updates from us regarding new services and product releases. You may opt out from the use of your personal information for those non-required communications. Your opt-out choice may be exercised by clicking on the link provided in the emails you receive or by sending an unsubscribe request to hello@zeal-app.com .

Users cannot opt out of certain communications that are necessary for the service(s) provided to the user. For example, we may use your email address to confirm your opening of an account, to send you notice of payments, to send you information about changes to our products and services, to provide those products or services, and to send notices and other disclosures as required by law. We may also communicate by phone to resolve customer complaints or investigate suspicious transactions.

Inquiries, access and updating your personal data
Please help us keep the personal data you have shared accurate and up to date. For further information on how to do this and how to exercise data subject rights, please visit our Data Subject Requests page. You may also make these updates yourself online as a registered user via our customer or partner portals.

Changes to this privacy policy
We reserve the right to revise or modify this privacy policy. If this happens, we will post the updated privacy policy with the effective date of the changes and obtain consent where necessary.






Last updated: October 15, 2018
Effective date: October 26, 2018.